 @LiamAthas: This social distancing stuff easy I’ve been doing it for the past 20 years
There is no song that gets the people goin quite like Party in the U.S.A. 11 years later, bitches will still stomp to that song like no other.
Had McDonald’s for the first time about four hours ago. I decided to try the Big Mac. My body literally doesn’t know what to do with it, it’s just sitting in my stomach. Like a fucking brick in my gut. Mildly sweating.
Girl next to me in class watched me pull out 4 straight broken pencils and laughed at me like I was an idiot. Which I am. But then she proceeded to pull out an entire raw pepper and bite into it like she’s the normal one.
@gracebakes such bad pictures oh my
Apparently petting the police dog is NOT a good idea.
had to bring back this gem https://t.co/4YGfMS6B4b
I had plans to go out with my friends tonight but I think I’m gonna just take a shot of pre-workout and pick a fight with random people on the sidewalk. That’ll get the blood pumping.
Just stepped outside in the middle of the night and a whole ass PELICAN was right outside my door like a foot away and it screamed at me like I’m the one that doesn’t belong there.
Might run up on Sasha Obama on campus today and hope to get tazed by Secret Service just to feel something.
 @kellyomal: today i woke up and looked under my pillow for my juul that i have not owned in 5 months 
4 of july miracles dont exist
Did my life peak roughly a year ago? Did Bush do 9/11?
There’s just some people that I wish I’d never met. I try to value their positive influences on my life, but today all I can think about is how they hurt me. It’s really a shame. Dinkleberg...
Tried to leave the house to do my calc homework but it took all of 10 minutes for someone to sit uncomfortably close to me at the coffee shop and start shaking the table and attacking his rice krispie treat so loud that I can hear it through my headphones. Thanks.
Me turning my A in Physics into a C- in less than a month https://t.co/gTV84XY9pL
The same water that hardens the egg softens the potato.
Coming home after college is like eating that piece of pizza that’s been in the back of the freezer for 9 months.
 @kellyomal: i am not addicted to the juul im addicted to the rush of cool girls asking me to rip it
It’s April Fool’s Day and I got 2 hours of sleep last night studying for my exam that I failed this morning and I just learned that flushing a Juul down the toilet WILL clog it. If anyone tries anything I swear to God I will cry and that is a threat.
Accidentally shooting 50 Volts of electricity into my hand in my physics lab was the first thing I’ve felt since my last breakup.
To the girl eating a bowl of cereal in the physics lecture: did you bring the cereal box and milk and pour them into the bowl in class? Or did you walk splashing milk around on your way to class? Honestly curious.
@realtimhughes1 @mark__45 colder
@mark__45 close
People will never love you the way you want them to. They can only love you the way they know how to.
It’s crazy how one minute people can smile and act like they’re your friend, but can treat you like garbage the next. So fake and so cold. 

To the woman who cut me in line at Panda Express, I hope you have a bad day.
It’s in our moments of weakness, not our moments of strength, that we make our greatest breakthroughs. After getting a 16% on my last assignment, I’ve come to the conclusion that pringles are not a healthy source for the majority of my calories.
@petesimsy this is what i think about in the shower
The only thing worse than being misunderstood and ignored is being fully understood and unwanted. It’s far less painful to be rejected for who you are on the outside than being rejected for who you are on the inside.
You ever feel like you're in a position to impulsively do something that will drastically affect your life? I honestly feel like my mental state is volatile enough to get a face tattoo right now...
Crying on the toilet of a public restroom builds character.
Do not google: “whole chicken in a can.”
@mrmatthew2k thanks buddy
The worst part about college is when you’re bagged up you don’t know anybody so you have to lay your emotions on some stranger.
There was one time when it was your last trip to Chuck E. Cheese, but while you were there you never realized you’d never be back.
Life is so much less scary when you realize you’re not alone. There may not be anyone who actually lives your life, but there are people all around you who relate to you and are willing to help you through the hard times.
I wish more of my friends used twitter. Like I want a place to drop my shower thoughts but then I remember that I have 80 followers and 60 of them don’t check the app. To the 20 people that see this: The leg room on Spirit Airlines is just stupid. I can do yoga in this space.
I’m just trying to get into college man
Nobody actually likes Cauliflower. If you really think you like it, sorry to say, you’re too far gone. Everybody tells eachother that Cauliflower is good and healthy, because you’re supposed to. Let me be the first to say: no one actually likes Cauliflower; it’s all a scam.
I only have a year of high school left...wtf
 @donohues2018: Veirlinck said 50+ retweets and I get an A, please help https://t.co/U8LmPweTTF
procrastination is an art
im sorry but ppl who say needles don't hurt are lying
let the bodies hit the floor
@corryarnold36 son
 @DidTheSixersWin: No.
 @ericsmithrocks: 2016: Trump won't win.

2017: President Trump can't do that, can he?

2018: You watching The Hunger Games tonight? I ho…
 @HolyGhostPrep: Cor Unum et Anima Una
